docs(Cockpit): add new federation documentation for Cockpit - int-add-observability-federate-doc (#5179)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-supported-endpoints.mdx

    - Path: `/prometheus/api/v1/metadata`
    - Path: `/prometheus/api/v1/read`
    - Path: `/prometheus/api/v1/status/buildinfo`
    - Path: `/federate`
</Concept>

<Message type="important">

>   The `/federate` endpoint will not be charged during beta phase but please note that after the beta, this endpoint will incurs additional costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `/federate` endpoint will not be charged during beta, but will incur additional costs after this phase.
```

>   For more information, you can check [this tutorial](../how-to/federate-scaleway-metrics.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Learn more about Scaleway federation metrics](/cockpit/how-to/federate-scaleway-metrics/).
```

> <Message type="important">
>   The `/federate` endpoint will not be charged during beta phase but please note that after the beta, this endpoint will incurs additional costs.
>   For more information, you can check [this tutorial](../how-to/federate-scaleway-metrics.mdx)
> </Message>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Message type="important">
  The `/federate` endpoint will not be billed during the beta phase. After the beta, the endpoint will incur additional costs.
    Refer to the [How to federate metrics](/cockpit/how-to/federate-scaleway-metrics) documentation page for more information.
</Message>
```

    - Path: `/prometheus/api/v1/status/buildinfo`
</Concept>

<Concept>

>   ## Additional endpoints
> 
>   Methods: `GET`
> 
>   - Path: `/federate`
> </Concept>
> 
> <Message type="info">
>   The `/federate` endpoint aims to replicate the behavior of the classic Prometheus `/federate` endpoint, but it is not an official Mimir endpoint.
> </Message>
> 
> <Message type="important">
>   The `/federate` endpoint will not be billed during the beta phase. After the beta, the endpoint may incur additional costs.
>     Refer to the [How to federate metrics](/cockpit/how-to/federate-scaleway-metrics) documentation page for more information.
> </Message>
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  ## Additional endpoints

  Methods: `GET`

  - Path: `/federate`
</Concept>

<Message type="note">
  The `/federate` endpoint aims to replicate the behavior of the classic Prometheus `/federate` endpoint, but it is not an official Mimir endpoint.
</Message>

<Message type="important">
  The `/federate` endpoint will not be billed during the beta phase. After the beta, the endpoint may incur additional costs.
    Refer to the [How to federate metrics](/cockpit/how-to/federate-scaleway-metrics) documentation page for more information.
</Message>

```
